# Team5-TechBlaze's Customized Notes
Overview
   Customized Notes is an artificial intelligence (AI) application. Our web application mainly focuses on remote learning that helps students
   and individuals easily get the summary of the lengthy transcripts from the audio/video content, can translate those summary key points to 
   different languages for better learning, and can download the translated summary as a pdf file. First, we have to sign up with your details, 
   such as first name, last name, email, username, and password, and then you enter the home page. On the home page, you see a transcribe button in the top right; when you click it, you
   go to the transcribe page, where all the functionalities are happening. Now we can drop or drag the files from our local system in mp3, and wav file format, or you can upload the 
   YouTube URL. After uploading a file or the URL, we have to click on the transcribe button, and then we get the transcription of the video or audio file on the left text box in English. 
   When we click the summary button, we get the summary of the file from the transcript in the right text box in English. If you want the summary in another language, we can choose any language 
   from the drop-down box and click on the translate button in the transcribe page, and we get the summary in the desired language. Finally, we can download the desired summary output into the system as a pdf file.

The current Files supported are:
	Mp3
	Wav
	You tube URL

Input:
The transcription is generated by using OpenAI API whisper models, and the Eden API is used to get the summary of the transcript. 
By using the Google API, we translate the summary into different languages.

Output:
When we upload a file or a YouTube URL to transcribe page. First, it generates a transcript, and when we click the summary button, 
it gives the summary, and we can translate the summary into the desired language later. We can download the translated summary as a pdf file.
